The Barclays app
How to redeem Apple TV+
To redeem Apple TV+ on the
Barclays app, start by logging in
and from the home screen, tap ‘Products’.
Next, tap ‘Blue Rewards’
then tap ‘Apple TV+’ from the list.
Here, you’ll see a summary of what you can
get with an Apple TV+ subscription.
You can see the most
frequently asked questions here
and all FAQs here.
If you’re happy, select the
subscription you’d like to redeem.
The app will now set up your subscription.
Tap on ‘Complete setup’ to confirm.
We’ll now show you how to set up
your subscription on an iOS device.
Tap ‘OK’ if you’re happy to leave the Barclays app.
You’ll be taken to the Apple TV+ homepage
where you can watch award-winning
Apple Original series and films.
If you’re on an Android device, this part
of the journey is slightly different.
When you tap ‘Get Apple TV+’
you’ll be sent to the Apple
TV mobile webpage.
If you don’t have an account, tap ‘Sign up’.
Add your details
and agree to the Terms and Conditions.
Then enter your Apple ID.
The first time you log in
you’ll be sent a six-digit verification
code to your mobile.
Enter it here and tap ‘Continue’.
You’ll now be taken to the Apple TV+ homepage
where you can watch award-winning
Apple Original series and films.